## Adduce
<div class="holder">
    Adduce is a single-page static site generator, it can be used to easily and quickly generate web-pages and bundle them into a monolithic HTML file for easy deployment. Adduce takes a different approach to SSG, the elements are split up into markdown files that can be organised and ordered. The project is still very new and has many more features planned. The site you're reading from was made using Adduce!

<a class="button" href="https://github.com/toastxc/Adduce">source</a>
</div>


## PodboY
<div class="holder" >
    The main problem with podman is also one of its greatest attributes - there is no main daemon. While this provides redundancy improvements the task of managing systemd files manually can be annoying and for many is not worth the benefits podman provides. PodboY installs and manages systemd scripts generated by podman in a simple CLI similar to docker-daemon.

<a class="button" href="https://github.com/toastxc/podboy">source</a>
</div>


## VoterMono
<div class="holder" >
A while ago I came to the conclusion that 'Only voting software is impossible to do right, it could never be made securely. Recently I have taken it upon myself to test that theory by making my own EVoting platform. The project currently includes a HTTP backend server with a rust based SDK for interacting with it. It uses nextgen one-way encryption technology for hashing and I plan on adding Yubikey integeration for physical security.

Once completed it will be publicly deployed at `vote.toastxc.xyz`

<a class="button" href="https://github.com/toastxc/voter-mono">source</a>
</div>



## Reywen.Revolt
<div class="holder">
    Reywen is a library for writing chat bots for the platform revolt.chat, it covers most of the Revolt API and has an been made from the ground up with developer experience in mind. The builder pattern provides a zero cost abstraction for the Revolt API while allowing for full control over bot functionality. I plan on extending functionality to Reywen and eventually making it the core of Revolt's GTK client (Mutiny).

<a class="button" href="https://github.com/toastxc/Reywen-Revolt">source</a>
</div>

## StatSite
<div class="holder">
    StatSite is a static site host provider located in Australia, StatSite offers free hosting for small sites with very high uptime and flexibility, with a paid option for dynamic sites, databases and other complex services. A domain name is not required to get started with StatSite and registration takes only a few minutes


StatSite can import your old site's HTML/CSS/JS/MD (free) or work with you to create a new site to your preferences (paid).

<a class="button" href="https://static.toastxc.xyz">Goto</a>
</div>


## Rockbox
<div class="holder">
    Rockbox is my main Linux server for hosting all of my services (website, media center, minecraft network, and API servers), It is an on premises machine. It is running on Redhat Linux 8 and primarily uses Caddy web server and podman for handling requests.
</div>

